fix(changelog): fixed wording (#3028)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2024/2024-04-04-webhosting-added-web-hosting-migration-between-online-a.mdx

**How it works:**

> The migration process starts off right from your familiar [Online Console](https://console.online.net/). Simply initiate the process when prompted, and you will be guided through each step. If you have not already created a Scaleway account, you will receive an invitation to do in the near future.

Author: ```suggestion
The migration process starts off right from your familiar [Online Console](https://console.online.net/). Simply initiate the process when prompted, and you will be guided through each step. If you have not already created a Scaleway account, you will receive an invitation to create one in the near future.
```

> The migration process starts off right from your familiar [Online Console](https://console.online.net/). Simply initiate the process when prompted, and you will be guided through each step. If you have not already created a Scaleway account, you will receive an invitation to create one in the near future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration process starts off from your [Online Console](https://console.online.net/). Simply initiate the process when prompted, and you will be guided through each step. If you have not already created a Scaleway account, you will receive an invitation to create one in the near future.
```
